Hybrid AAD was not listed (#3923)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/windows-autopilot-requirements-network.md

    -   <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Office-365-URLs-and-IP-address-ranges-8548a211-3fe7-47cb-abb1-355ea5aa88a2> (includes all Office services, DNS names, IP addresses; includes Azure AD and other services that may overlap with those listed above)

-   **Certificate revocation lists (CRLs).**  Some of these services will also need to check certificate revocation lists (CRLs) for certificates used in the services.  A full list of these is documented in the Office documentation at <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Office-365-URLs-and-IP-address-ranges-8548a211-3fe7-47cb-abb1-355ea5aa88a2#bkmk_crl> and <https://aka.ms/o365chains>.

> -   **Hybrid AAD Join.**  Hybrid AAD can be join, the machine should be on corporate network for hybrid ADD join to work. See details at <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/user-driven-hybrid>

Reviewer: typo here (ADD = AAD). also, please remove locale on the URL.

Author: Fixed this issue.

> -   **Hybrid AAD Join.**  Hybrid AAD can be join, the machine should on corporate network for hybrid ADD join to work. See documentation at <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/user-driven-hybrid>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   **Hybrid AAD Join.**  Hybrid AAD can be joined, but the device must be on a corporate network for hybrid ADD join to work. See [Windows Autopilot user-driven mode for hybrid Azure Active Directory join] <https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/user-driven-hybrid> for more information.
```
